c:\users\ka.pco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\express\express\bin\Debug\express.exe.config
c:\users\ka.pco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\express\express\obj\Debug\express.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ka.pco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\express\express\obj\Debug\express.Form1.resources
c:\users\ka.pco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\express\express\obj\Debug\express.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ka.pco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\express\express\obj\Debug\express.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ka.pco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\express\express\bin\Debug\express.exe
c:\users\ka.pco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\express\express\bin\Debug\express.pdb
c:\users\ka.pco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\express\express\bin\Debug\DnsClient.dll
c:\users\ka.pco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\express\express\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\ka.pco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\express\express\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
c:\users\ka.pco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\express\express\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\ka.pco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\express\express\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
c:\users\ka.pco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\express\express\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\users\ka.pco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\express\express\bin\Debug\DnsClient.xml
c:\users\ka.pco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\express\express\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\ka.pco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\express\express\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\ka.pco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\express\express\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
c:\users\ka.pco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\express\express\obj\Debug\express.exe
c:\users\ka.pco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\express\express\obj\Debug\express.pdb
c:\users\ka.pco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\express\express\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\ka.pco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\express\express\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
c:\users\ka.pco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\express\express\obj\Debug\express.views.frm_addUsuario.resources
c:\users\ka.pco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\express\express\obj\Debug\express.views.frm_ListarUsuario.resources
c:\users\ka.pco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\express\express\obj\Debug\express.views.frm_login.resources
c:\users\ka.pco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\express\express\obj\Debug\express.views.frm_main.resources
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\bin\Debug\express.exe.config
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\obj\Debug\express.exe
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\obj\Debug\express.pdb
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\bin\Debug\express.exe
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\bin\Debug\express.pdb
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\bin\Debug\DnsClient.dll
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\bin\Debug\DnsClient.xml
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\obj\Debug\express.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\obj\Debug\express.Form1.resources
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\obj\Debug\express.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\obj\Debug\express.views.frm_addUsuario.resources
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\obj\Debug\express.views.frm_ListarUsuario.resources
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\obj\Debug\express.views.frm_login.resources
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\obj\Debug\express.views.frm_main.resources
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\obj\Debug\express.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\obj\Debug\express.views.frm_addProfessor.resources
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Express\express\obj\Debug\express.views.frm_ListarProfessor.resources
